incredible
save your energy got a long long day
let's appreciate at the side you guys
know a good I'm glad we get to play all
your babies you don't son bud you still
got that energy alright I figure by sir
you guys were waiting in line for like
two fucking hours out there so you've
got a good attitude that's how we do
we're gonna cut the heavy ones for you
we got to get it started real simple do
me a favor I know you guys don't pay
money to stand around with your arms
crossed you can do that at home so that
catfish is your first time seeing this
band all your fucking tents we
appreciate it
enjoy yourselves on this one all I need
you can find you fucking feed you guys
at the front back to the last fucking
face I can see off the back have some
fun get the fuck in the air make this
whole place